input: kafka: Add initial documentation (#1091)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/inputs/kafka.md

# Kafka

> Kafka input plugin allows to subscribe to one or more topics and collect messages from an [Apache Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/) service. This plugin use the official [librdkafka C library](https://github.com/edenhill/librdkafka) \(built-in dependency\)

Reviewer: I like separate lines per sentence just to make it easier to review - you can only comment by line so if you put a whole paragraph on one line it's hard!

> Kafka input plugin allows to subscribe to one or more topics and collect messages from an [Apache Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/) service. This plugin use the official [librdkafka C library](https://github.com/edenhill/librdkafka) \(built-in dependency\)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kafka input plugin allows subscribing to one or more Kafka topics to collect messages from an [Apache Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/) service. This plugin uses the official [librdkafka C library](https://github.com/edenhill/librdkafka) \(built-in dependency\)
```

## Configuration Parameters

| Key | Description | default |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |

> | brokers | Single of multiple list of Kafka Brokers, e.g: 192.168.1.3:9092, 192.168.1.4:9092. |  |

Reviewer: typo `of` --> `or`

Reviewer: Is it comma separated, what about spaces?

Author: AFAIK only comma-separated values are accepted.

| topics | Single entry or list of topics separated by comma \(,\) that Fluent Bit will subscribe to. |  |
| client\_id | Client id passed to librdkafka. | |
| group\_id | Group id passed to librdkafka. | fluent-bit |
| poll\_ms | Kafka brokers polling interval in milliseconds. | 500 |
| rdkafka.{property} | `{property}` can be any [librdkafka properties](https://github.com/edenhill/librdkafka/blob/master/CONFIGURATION.md) |  |

## Getting Started

In order to subscribe/collect messages from Apache Kafka, you can run the plugin from the command line or through the configuration file:

### Command Line

> The **kafka** plugin, can read the parameters from the command line in two ways, through the **-p** argument \(property\), e.g:

Reviewer: `in two ways`? There's only one way...

Author: Copied from out_kafka, fixing in both...

```text
$ fluent-bit -i kafka -o stdout -p brokers=192.168.1.3:9092 -p topics=some-topic
```

### Configuration File

In your main configuration file append the following _Input_ & _Output_ sections:

```text
[INPUT]

>     Name        kafka

Reviewer: How's tagging work?

Author: I haven't added any special tag handling to in_kafka.

Reviewer: So presumably we should specify a tag then in the input for matching later or does it automatically pick up tags from something like forward?

Reviewer: Forward should not - it should support overriding the tag provided but the forward protocol includes the tag.
